You are arrogant
I see you don't see the coffin at all and don't cry
Bring them up.
You, you, what are you doing?
You build
built
Hahaha, oops, it hurts, oops, oops.
Ah!
Ahhh oops oops
It hurts so much, it's broken, boy.
Did you see what happened to him?
If you are obedient Shouxia
I may be able to ask the lord to let you live
If you insist on fighting us
Then don't blame me for being rude to you.
You've said it 800 times, don't push it
Do it now
It seems that you insist on not obeying it.
Then even you
Contains all the lightning people and falls in this piece
Including all of your Bai family
Don't even think about it, you jerk
It's you, are you going to kill us prodigal?
Bai Qianzi is just a broom star
If not for you
How could our Bai family have suffered such a disaster?
Bai Qianzi
If the Bai family goes extinct
You are the sinner of everyone in the Bai family
This is all done by me and Zhou Xiao
Nothing to do with the white family
Chiamori, don't talk nonsense with them
As long as I am
The Bai family is here